Matching Game
By: Nicholas Carsello, Nickolas Kusman, Patrick Maxwell, Michael Woelfel

Introduction:
  The purpose of the matching game is so that people can challenge their memory. Playing memory games can help stimulate one’s brain and 
  improve their critical thinking skills. They can choose their level of difficulty from 1-3. This is an Android game that people can play
  on their Android devices.

Objectives:
  Create matching game that takes in user input to make a board size (Must be even number and no larger than 8x8 but no smaller than 4x4).

How to play the game:
  When the user opens the app the main screen will appear where they can choose the size of the board. They will then get the option if 
  they want to play with a timer or not. Once in the game they will select two cards and if they match they will be removed. If they
  don’t match they will be flipped back over. When the game ends it will display the amount of time they had left if they won, and say “Time’s up. You lose” if they run out of time.The game will then return to the menu for them to play again.

Nonfunctional Requirements: 
  1. The colors be nice to the eye - not too bright, not to dim, and not a bad contrast.
  2. The font should be sized to fit the users screen
  3. Must have almost instantaneous response time
  4. Internet connection would not be necessary as everything would be included in the application and code.

Functional Requirements: 
  1.The user must be able to choose an even number of cards equivalent to a 8x8 grid or less.
      Only 4x4, 6x6, 8x8 grids are possible.
      These will be labeled levels 1-3, with Level 1 being 4x4, through Level 3 being 8x8.
  2. They will be able to time their memory game or not time it
      The user will select this before the game
      The game will set the timer up if they choose one, and will not set the timer up if they decide not to choose one.
      When time is up, gameplay will no longer be allowed
  3. Add a challenge mode where time limit is very short
      When the game ends, the user will be able to go to the main menu.
  4. Option: they can choose their theme
      The game will have a database/selection of some themes. This will be imported online.
      When the user selects the theme, the game will set that theme for their game. They will only use images from that database and no other database.
      There will be a total of 5 different possible themes.
      When retrieving the images, the game will retrieve 8 images for Level 1, 18 images for Level 2, and 32 images for Level 3. Then they will be duplicated.
      This is so that it is guaranteed that each image has a pair.
      The game will record your time regardless of if you want play against the clock. It will store this in a database as well as all of your times. They will be ranked from Fastest to slowest.
  5. This whole game must have user interface
